Editorial feedback by mbishop (#350)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

The list of received packets used to send acknowledgements also remains
unaffected as the packet number space is associated with a path.

The peer that sends the MP_RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame can keep sending data
on the path that the retired connection ID was used on but has
to use a different connection ID for the same Path ID when doing so.
If no other connection ID for the same Path ID is available, the endpoint cannot send on
this path. This can happen if, e.g., the connection ID issuer requests retirement of a
connection ID using the Retire Prior To field in the MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame but does
provide sufficient new connection IDs.

Note that even if a peer cannot send on a path anymore because it does not have
a valid connection ID to use, it can still acknowledge packets received on the path
by sending ACK_MP frames on another path, if available. Also note that

> even if there is no valid coonection ID associated with the path, both endpoints can still send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even if there is no valid connection ID associated with the path, both endpoints can still send
```

The list of received packets used to send acknowledgements also remains
unaffected as the packet number space is associated with a path.

> The peer that sends the MP_RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame can keep sending data using
> the same IP addresses and UDP ports associated with
> the path ID, but uses a different connection ID when doing so.
> If no other connection ID is available, the endpoint cannot send on
> this path. This can happen if, e.g., the connection ID issuer requests retirement of a
> connection ID using the Retire Prior To field in the NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame but does
> provide sufficient new CIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The peer that sends the MP_RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame can keep sending data
on the path that the retired connection ID was used on but has to use a different connection ID for the same Path ID when doing so.
If no other connection ID for the same Path ID is available, the endpoint cannot send on
this path. This can happen if, e.g., the connection ID issuer requests retirement of a
connection ID using the Retire Prior To field in the MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame but does
provide sufficient new CIDs.
```

the list provided to that peer.

The relation between packet number spaces and paths is fixed.
CIDs are separately allocated for each Path ID.
Rotating the connection ID on a path does not change the Path ID.
NAT rebinding, though it changes the 4-tuple of the path,
also does not change the path identifier.

> The packet number space does not change when connection ID 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packet number space does not change when connection ID
```

on the path carry a Destination CID selected by the peer from
the list provided to that peer.

> The relation between packet number spaces and paths is fixed. CIDs are
> separately allocated for each Path Identifier. Rotating the destination CID on a
> path does not change the path identifier. NAT rebinding, though it changes the
> 4-tuple of the path, also does not change the path identifier. The packet number
> space does not change when CID rotation happens within a given Path ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relation between packet number spaces and paths is fixed.
CIDs are separately allocated for each Path ID. Rotating the connection ID on a
path does not change the Path ID. NAT rebinding, though it changes the
4-tuple of the path, also does not change the path identifier.
The packet number space does not change when connection ID 
rotation happens within a given Path ID.
```

Length, Connection ID, Stateless Reset Token fields have exactly the same
definition in NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame {{Section 19.15 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

> Note that connection IDs issued in NEW_CONNECTION_ID frames MUST be treated as if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that connection IDs issued or retired in NEW_CONNECTION_ID frames MUST be treated as if
```

> their Path Identifier is 0 for compatibility with {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their Path ID is 0 for compatibility with {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
```
